Terms and Conditions
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern our relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.

1. Security
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your wallet, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your computer and/or account. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your wallet, whether your account is with our website or a third-party service. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.

2. Dispute Resolution
In case of any disputes, users should use the records on the website directly as proof. Users are responsible for recording and verifying proofs. The platform may not provide legal assistance.

3. Service Availability
The platform reserves the right to discontinue the service at any time. In such an event, users can still retrieve their posts as all data is located on the blockchain.

4. Limitation of Liability
In no event shall we, nor our directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.

5. Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.

6. Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.